hello I web website users today we are
going to set up your servers FTP server
settings for your I web and GoDaddy
account step 1 you want to go to the
very top where it says publish to make
sure that says FTP server next you want
to name your site name you could change
this down the road so if you want a John
Smith you could type John Smith down the
road or what I have is if I web web
sites there next you want to log into
your GoDaddy account I find or found the
fastest way to do this is go into
hosting manager dot secure server dotnet
put in your username and password and
hit login you want to get your server IP
address which is down in the yellow box
there and I have IP address 72.1 to 3.18
3.33 copy and paste that into your
server address here I can't stress this
enough make sure there is no spaces
after that 33 and if you want to enter a
contact email
I put example at gmail.com you want to
log back into your click over into your
code daddy control panel and get the FTP
user which is I have set up as admin
with a capo a you're gonna enter that
into your username here make sure there
is no spaces at the end of that word and
that is a capital a their and their
password here again the P is
case-sensitive so make sure that's a
capital there and no spaces at the end
you log back into your GoDaddy screen to
get your directory path I set up an
example backslash iWeb a lowercase to 0
3 4 8
here if you do not see any of that under
domain name folder or our status you're
going to hit add domain
once you hit add domain this screen will
pop up type in the first letter of your
website and usually pops up click on it
then type in the folder name we'll use
that same folder backslash iWeb all
lowercase two zero three four eight then
you want to hit OK
this will set up your domain and warning
this could take up to 20 minutes to 24
hours to take then you're gonna enter
your directory path here
backslash iWeb all lowercase to 0 3 4 8
next you want to enter your URL here I
web - websites com then give it a couple
minutes and then hit take and hit the
test button again sometimes this takes
up to 24 hours if the if it the server
has has been set up you'll see this you
can now publish this site to your
selected FTP server again go back and
make sure there's no spaces at the end
of your server address username password
and directory path and then all you have
to do is hit publish site at the very
bottom of your ivory web screen and it
will publish your entire website if you
have any problems with this you can
visit us at a web - web sites comp or we
could set this all up for you thank you
and have a great day